1. Make a folder in your home
2. Initialize a git repo
3. Create a github repository
4. Add remote
5. MAke a HTML Tiltle index.html
6. Make the necssary structure of HTML in index.html
7. Include the angular framework
8. Create an empty Javascript file named main.js
9. Initialize the angular application named ngTodo
10. Make a commit with message "Initialized Angular App"
11. Make a controller (Head Of Department) named "mainController"
12. Check if the controller is being called by opening the HTML file in your browser.
13. If everything is working fine make a commit with message "Made a Controller" 
14. Attach(Chipkao) a list of Todos to your model inside your controller
  	//Structure for Todos Array
15. Make sure your list of Todos contains atleast 5 Todos.
16. Display those todosin your HTML using ng-repeat
17. If everything is working fine make a commit with message "Todo's list is being displayed"
18. While displaying the Todos in HTML the title should be in h2 tag and the details should be in a paragraph tag.
19. Make a border around every Todo.
20. Make a commit with message "Beautified"
21. Make two input tags to let the user add Todos. The first input tag will have the title of the Todo and second will contain the details of the Todo.
22. Make a button. When the user will click on this Todo, the Todo should be displayed.
23. If everything is working fine make a commit with message "User can add a Todo"
24. Add a delete button next to every Todo.
25. If everything is working fine make a commit with message "User can delete a Todo"
26. Use font awesome to show a "Dustbin" icon for the delete button
27. Make a commit with message "Beautified"
28. Make a search bar.
29. If everything is working fine make a commit with message "Search Functionality Added"
30. Push it to the repo.
31. Fill the form given by Vishwa with these github repo link.
32. Ping on whatsapp group with the message "I ng-nailed it!"

Resources
1. Notes on acadview.com
2. https://github.com/rajatvijay/av-class/tree/master/angular_advanced
